cd Results
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps0-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps1-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps2-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps3-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps4-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps5-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps6-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps7-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps8-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps9-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps10-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps11-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps12-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-ps13-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyN-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyM-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyD-2d.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyN-ps.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyM-ps.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyD-ps.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyN-bt.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyM-bt.gnu
gnuplot Gnuplot/plot-varyD-bt.gnu
